John Reinhart: Derek
Darrick: Well,
John Reinhart: Good. I
John Reinhart: Work at a fake me out and you go, like, kind of do lip like go
Hello.
John Reinhart: Amen. Sorry about that. I had to
John Reinhart: Reboot my computer. So it's all good.
Darrick: All right, no worries.
John Reinhart: So, yeah.
John Reinhart: We're showing up and we'll kind of run down the questions run
John Reinhart: Run crushes by you.
John Reinhart: knock this out and everything.
John Reinhart: This is being recorded. Right.
John Reinhart: This is
John Reinhart: An O U D assessment questions by a psychosocial
John Reinhart: Was anyhow. The first question like to ask you is
John Reinhart: What brings you in treatment and why now.
Darrick: I was buying this box or anything off the streets. Yeah. Then I got referred to bright heart and it is
Darrick: It's making it a lot easier.
John Reinhart: Awesome.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Awesome. That's cool. Okay, tell me, tell me your story with substances.
Darrick: I started off with marijuana
Darrick: Middle School.
Right.
Darrick: Then it just
Darrick: Got to pills, then like I didn't do math and tall. I was like 2221
Darrick: That done that for like four or five years, then I stopped.
Darrick: Then I just
Darrick: Take it anything I could get really
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. Okay. When were you first exposed. I guess in middle school or
John Reinhart: Junior High or
Darrick: Yeah, Junior High junior high and
John Reinhart: So how did it progress, just kind of marijuana to
John Reinhart: To math or did was there.
Darrick: No pills.
Darrick: Pills pills. Yeah.
Darrick: Of course, alcohol here.
John Reinhart: Oh yeah, yeah, that always seems to be like when the kickers there.
Darrick: Yeah, hey,
John Reinhart: When was the worst for you.
Darrick: You know, and worst part.
John Reinhart: Of your addiction.
Darrick: Ah,
Darrick: Probably
Darrick: Was stealing from my grandparents.
Darrick: Oh, yeah.
John Reinhart: That's when you kind of hit bottom and stuff.
Yeah.
Darrick: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah, that's kind of like that a wake up like, what am I doing type of thing.
Darrick: Right, yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
John Reinhart: Well, not cool. But, you know,
Darrick: Yeah yeah
John Reinhart: Chronic pain, what
John Reinhart: You do you have any chronic pain.
Darrick: No. Okay. Alright, cool.
John Reinhart: Growing up, what was your family life like
Darrick: My parents were together. You know, like
Darrick: Until I was 12 they finally split up, then they got remarried. When I was like 10 they got divorced and remarried, then
Darrick: They finally just called it quits. When I was like 1211 or 12
Darrick: Bye bye bye. I think I get my addiction for my mom because I grew up watching her. I think she took pills and drink alcohol. When I was pregnant, she was pregnant with me.
John Reinhart: Yeah, just kind of Melvin numb of the pain. Yeah. Okay. Um, let's see. Do you have any brothers or sisters
Darrick: I have a brother. Yeah.
John Reinhart: You have a brother.
John Reinhart: Yeah, okay. Is he older or younger.
Darrick: Or older
John Reinhart: Older. Yeah.
Darrick: Yeah, for years.
Darrick: For years, okay.
John Reinhart: We already kind of touched this one we're your parents together so they were together till you are about 10 years old and then
Darrick: Yeah, now
John Reinhart: Day remarried and then they split permanently after your 12
Yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah, and then you're kind of staying with your mom and stuff or
Darrick: How I was then she got her new boyfriend and she got married within like not even a year, whether or not she moved up to Seattle with him but I stayed in Crescent City with my dad.
John Reinhart: Oh, okay. So your dad raised as a teenager, then
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah
Alright, cool.
John Reinhart: Let's see.
John Reinhart: Did anyone in your home life struggle with mental health, substance abuse or few food issues.
Darrick: My mom, dad,
Darrick: Your mom. Yeah, yeah, you
John Reinhart: touch base on that. Do you notice any other addictive type of behaviors.
Darrick: Besides drugs. No, no, no.
John Reinhart: That such as gambling or working a lot or awareness of sexual material. I guess that would be in the house or whatever.
John Reinhart: No, none of that.
John Reinhart: Alright, cool.
John Reinhart: We're about halfway there. By the way,
John Reinhart: What was school like for you.
Darrick: Oh man, I hated it.
Darrick: Yeah yeah
Darrick: They were didn't homework I got
Darrick: Like in high school I ditched all like all the time.
Darrick: Right. And I'm still I'm a drop out. So
John Reinhart: Yeah, well, you know, now that you're on Suboxone and doing you doing well and everything. Maybe trade school
John Reinhart: You know, if you like carpentry or Mason.
John Reinhart: Or whatever.
John Reinhart: I mean guys that's that's the best because a lot of people aren't cut out to go to college or, you know, they want to work.
John Reinhart: Yeah so. Okay, cool.
John Reinhart: How, how far did you complete your schooling.
Darrick: I don't like well
Darrick: I like a whole year to go have a whole senior year, but
John Reinhart: Completed up to your junior year that
Darrick: Yeah, but I only have but then I went back like a few times to charter schools.
Darrick: Yeah, then I'll have like 2022 credits left
John Reinhart: Oh, dude, you're not that far away to get your
Darrick: Job.
Darrick: He saw no not at all.
John Reinhart: Yeah, no, that's, that's good. You might be able to take some courses that you've that you like maybe some, like, you know, whatever, you know, check it out.
John Reinhart: Let's see. Did you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Darrick: Know,
John Reinhart: The, you know, okay.
Darrick: No, I got a diet of diagnosed with a DD and the sixth grade.
John Reinhart: So what they give you, after all that time or something or
Darrick: No I don't take anything for
John Reinhart: Nothing for okay
Darrick: No.
John Reinhart: All right. Well, that's so. That's usually a problem, man, you know, kind of address those issues like that.
Darrick: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends.
John Reinhart: Like PTSD or anything like that.
Darrick: Yeah, no.
John Reinhart: Okay. No violence or anything like you observed or anything like that.
Darrick: Just verbal verbal fighting my parents were there together. Yeah, yeah.
John Reinhart: Well that's good to know. Right there. I mean it can be traumatic. Did you ever serve in the military.
John Reinhart: No. Okay. Do you have any financial or legal issues you are concerned about
Darrick: No.
John Reinhart: No, okay, cool are in a relationship.
Darrick: Yeah, man.
John Reinhart: You kind of married off.
Darrick: Yeah, man. Yeah.
John Reinhart: That's a relationship. Do you have any children.
Darrick: No.
John Reinhart: No. Yeah.
John Reinhart: All right, now my wife.
Darrick: Already has a 19 year old daughter, but she got fixed so
John Reinhart: All right.
Darrick: Yeah, well, I don't want to eat kids anyway.
Darrick: Alright have two dogs.
John Reinhart: Let's go again the hate to those for babies are born, man, you know,
Darrick: Yeah, okay.
John Reinhart: And let's see, who do you live with your, your wife and your
Darrick: Dogs. Dogs and cats. Cool.
John Reinhart: What tell you how many cats, you guys.
Darrick: We just took over what my friends cat. So we got three now.
John Reinhart: Nice.
Darrick: Yeah, I got Pharaoh. Right. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah, they're feral cats, though, so they're outside
John Reinhart: You know yeah I know like fleas, so it's
Darrick: Yeah.
John Reinhart: I'll feed him outside. They don't come in.
Darrick: Oh yeah, that's good.
John Reinhart: Did we miss anything. Is there anything else that day. You could think of that you might want to
John Reinhart: Share or or
John Reinhart: pretty much covered
Darrick: Everything. Yeah.
Darrick: Alright, cool.
John Reinhart: Well, it wasn't too painful.
Darrick: No.
John Reinhart: I really appreciate you, you know, coming in and doing this and get
Darrick: This
John Reinhart: Out and they'll have a treatment plan or a person that's really smart. That'll kind of outline, all that stuff. And then you'll be getting some, you know, one on one counseling when you want it and
John Reinhart: kind of help you, you know,
John Reinhart: Progress as they they may be noticed some stuff and kind of put it in your treatment plan.
John Reinhart: Okay, okay.
John Reinhart: All right, Derek. A man. Thanks a lot.
Darrick: Hi and thank you.
John Reinhart: Appreciate you buddy. I'll see you next Tuesday. Okay.
Darrick: Yeah, I'll see
The care.
Darrick: Bye bye.
Let's see.
John Reinhart: Okay, that the meeting is ending right now at 220 with Derek
John Reinhart: Derek Hansen. Thank you.